The many NBC's Clock sample project.
With each sample project, there's an opportunity to peel back more of the layers in MVCs and think
critically about these concepts.
This will dramatically increase your learning.
To kick start your thoughts, consider the pros and benefits of the framework in each sample.
With which aspects are you feeling more comfortable?
Are you beginning to see the long term benefits of choosing a framework?
Which parts of the framework are you excited about and want to learn more along the way?
You might identify some possible cons or drawbacks.
Which aspects of the framework may not work for your needs?
Is there anything you can do to get the results that you need and which patterns and practices remain
unclear for you?
Think about these points.
Engage in the community, take notes and reflect as we're stepping into this sample will be in a project
that has the source code for the framework as well as the samples.
Each of the samples we cover has a version with many MVCs and without.
In this sample we're looking at a simple clock.
It has no view and instead uses debug log statements to see some sort of output into the console window.
This keeps the example especially simple.
It has no mono behaviors and no input either.
As we're digging into this sample, consider which of these coding assignments you'd like to take on.
There's a variety here and you could even create your own.
Starting with lower difficulty is just to explain back these concepts.
After digging into the example, are you comfortable enough to explain it to a friend?
Each sample includes unit testing.
Can you add one more unit test that makes sense in the context of the sample?
You can add a new UI feature, perhaps adding text or a button to the UI and then wiring it up properly
in a way that makes sense to the framework.
You could create some other type of new input, perhaps having keyboard input, do something appropriate
for the sample.
You could copy the sample.
Perhaps the sample has some things that are interesting for a different use case copy and paste the
entire parent folder, rename each class so that it's unique or give it a new namespace and then add
and adjust the functionality to meet your needs.
And perhaps the most challenging of this list would be to create a new sample yourself instead of copying
and pasting.
Here, begin with the empty canvas of a new project.
Import the framework itself and start coding from scratch.
That certainly demonstrates a firm grasp of all the concepts.
Doing assignments like these helps to deepen your knowledge with practical experience.
Let's see this in action You can create a new Unity project.
Import the Mini MVCs Framework.
Import the samples, open this particular sample, explore the version within that doesn't use mini
MVCs to gain the basic knowledge of how it operates.
And then look at the version with many MVCs and with each sample, I'll do some live coding with one
of the sample assignments.
Let's get started.